docs: document server API and applications (#428)
cmudig/draco2: docs/applications/server.md

# Server

> If you wish to make use of Draco in an environment other than Python, you can access its capabilities through a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Draco in an environment other than Python, you can access its capabilities through a
```
